Allow protected x5chain (#309)
ietf-wg-scitt/draft-ietf-scitt-architecture: draft-ietf-scitt-architecture.md

The Issuer identity MUST be bound to the Signed Statement by including an identifier in the protected header.
If the protected header includes multiple identifiers, all those that are registered by the Transparency Service MUST be checked.

> In essence, when using X.509 Signed Statements, the Transparency Service MUST build and validate a complete certificate chain from the Issuer's certificate, to one of the root certificates most recently registered as a trust anchor of the Transparency Service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In essence, when using X.509 Signed Statements, the Transparency Service MUST build and validate a complete certification path from an Issuer's certificate to one of the root certificates most recently registered as a trust anchor by the Transparency Service.
```

> The protected header of the COSE_Sign1 Envelope MUST include either the Issuer's certificate as `x5t` or the chain including the Issuer's certificate as `x5chain`.

Reviewer 2: why would we encourage people to put the pull chain in a header?
They can still verify the full chain when its in an unprotected header.

Author: @OR13 this is covered in #307, they can indeed verify the full chain when it is an unprotected header, but the chain is not authenticated or integrity protected. Assuming perfect verifier implementations, this makes no difference.

In a world where x509 parsers sometimes contain (exploitable) bugs however, there is a tradeoff between the size increase and the exposure to those bugs. I am proposing that the spec allows implementations to decide that tradeoff for themselves, rather than mandate one particular choice.

The Issuer identity MUST be bound to the Signed Statement by including an identifier in the protected header.
If the protected header includes multiple identifiers, all those that are registered by the Transparency Service MUST be checked.

In essence, when using X.509 Signed Statements, the Transparency Service MUST build and validate a complete certificate chain from the Issuer's certificate, to one of the root certificates most recently registered as a trust anchor of the Transparency Service.

> The protected header of the COSE_Sign1 Envelope MUST include one of: the Issuer's certificate as `x5t`, or the chain including the Issuer's certificate as `x5chain`. If `x5t` is included in the protected header, an `x5chain` with a leaf certificate that corresponds to the `x5t` value MAY be included in the unprotected header.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The protected header of the COSE_Sign1 Envelope MUST include either the Issuer's certificate as `x5t` or the chain including the Issuer's certificate as `x5chain`.
If `x5t` is included in the protected header, an `x5chain` with a leaf certificate corresponding to the `x5t` value MAY be included in the unprotected header.
```
